Q1: Name few limitations of NoSQL database?
A1: Complex query, transaction process, ACID, 

Q2: What is eventually consistent database?
A2: Eventual consistency is a consistency model used in distributed computing to achieve high 
availability that informally guarantees that, if no new updates are made to a given data item, 
eventually all accesses to that item will return the last updated value.

Q3: Which is NOT the concept in MongoDB?
    A. Collection
    B. Outer Join
    C. Index
    D. Document
    E. Transaction
A3: BE

Q4: Why message queue is asynchronous?
A4: A message queue is a way for applications and discrete components to send messages between one 
another in order to reliably communicate. This interface connects producers which create messages 
and the consumers which then process them. When a producer produce a message it will not need to wait 
for consumers to get it or process it. Maybe the producer do not know who is the consumer.

Q5: Which is the feature of SOA? 
    A. All teams expose their data and functionality through service interfaces. 
    B. Teams own services, from code, deployment to maintenance. 
    C. Teams must communicate through service interfaces. 
    D. Services should be functional independent (no dependencies).
    E. All service interfaces, without exception, must be designed from the ground up to be externalizable.
    F. It doesn’t matter what technology each service use. 
A5: ACEF

Q6: Describe the major difference between REST and RPC? 
A6: REST is not a framework, a protocol, or a communication format.  REST is an architecture, a 
structured way of representing a software solution - specifically, exposing aspects of a solution 
to a set of remote client-consumers. The central tenet of REST is that these aspects of a solution 
can be modeled as resources which the client can consume. This resource-oriented thinking, and not 
the implementation details of how one communicates between client and server, is what REST is actually 
all about. This is the key difference that separates actual RESTful APIs from RPC based on HTTP verbs.